fix(DNS/zone): docs issues and incorrect attributes for schema fields (#982)
FlexibleEngineCloud/terraform-provider-flexibleengine: docs/data-sources/dns_zone_v2.md

## Argument Reference

* `region` - (Optional, String) The region in which to obtain the V2 DNS client.
  A DNS client is needed to retrieve zone ids. If omitted, the
  `region` argument of the provider is used.

* `name` - (Optional, String) The name of the zone.

* `description` - (Optional, String) A description of the zone.

* `email` - (Optional, String) The email contact for the zone record.

* `status` - (Optional, String) The zone's status.

* `ttl` - (Optional, Int) The time to live (TTL) of the zone.

* `zone_type` - (Optional, String) The type of the zone. Can either be `public` or `private`.

## Attribute Reference

> `id` is set to the ID of the found zone. In addition, the following attributes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the DNS zone.
```
